docs for venv (#1003)
esm-tools/esm_tools: docs/esm_runscripts.rst

Both ways to set the entries are doing the same thing. It is possible, as in the ``input`` case, to set the file movement method independently for each of the
directions; the setting ``all_directions`` is just a shortcut if the method is identical for all of them.

> Running a experiment with a virtual environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running an experiment with a virtual environment
```

-----------------------------------------------

Running jobs can optionally be encapsulated into a virtual environment.

> To run using a virtual environment run ``esm_runscripts`` with the flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use a virtual environment run ``esm_runscripts`` with the flag
```

``--contained-run`` or set ``use_venv`` within the ``general`` section of your
runscript to ``True``:

.. code-block:: yaml

   general:
       use_venv: True

This shields the run from changes made to the remainder of the ESM-Tool installation,
and it's strongly recommended for production runs.

> Before the first run, a local copy will be installed in the experiment tree,
> and **that** installation will be used. For example, for a user ``miguel``
> with a run with `expid` ``test`` ESM-Tools will be installed here::
> 
>      /scratch/miguel/test/.venv_esmtools/lib/python3.10/site-packages/esm_tools
> 
> instead of::
> 
>     /albedo/home/miguel/.local/lib/site-packages/esm_tools
> 
> If you choose to use a virtual environment, a folder named ``.venv_esmtools``
> will be created at the root of your experiment. This contains all the Python
> libraries used by ESM-Tools. The first installation induces some overhead (~2-3 minutes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you choose to use a virtual environment, a local installation will be created in the experiment tree at the begining of the first run into the folder named ``.venv_esmtools``.  **That** installation will be used for the experiment. It will be installed at the root of your experiment and contains all the Python libraries used by ESM-Tools. The installation at the beginning of the experiment will induce a small overhead (~2-3 minutes).

For example, for a user ``miguel`` with a run with `expid` ``test`` ESM-Tools will be installed here::

     /scratch/miguel/test/.venv_esmtools/lib/python3.10/site-packages/esm_tools

instead of::

    /albedo/home/miguel/.local/lib/site-packages/esm_tools
```

The virtual environment installs by default the ``release`` branch, pulling it directly
from our GitHub repository. You can choose to override this default by specifying another
branch, adding to your runscript:

.. code-block:: yaml

  general:
      install_esm_tools_branch: '<your_branch_name>'

.. warning::
   The branch **needs to exist on GitHub** as it is cloned form there, and **not from your
   local folder**. If you made any changes in your local branch make sure they are pushed before
   running esm_runscripts with a virtual environment, so that your changes are included in the
   virtual environment installation.

You may also select to install esm_tools in `editable mode`, in which case
they will be installed in a folder ``src/esm_tools/`` in the root of

> your experiment. Any changes made to code in that folder **will** influence how

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your experiment. Any changes made to the code in that folder **will** influence how
```

ESM-Tools behave. To create a virtual environment with ESM-Tools installed in
`editable` mode use:

.. code-block:: yaml

   general:
       install_<esm_package>_editable: true/false

.. note::
   When using a virtual environment, config files and namelists will come of the
   folder .venv_esmtools listed above and **not** from your user install directory.
   You should make **all** changes to the namelists and config files via your user

>    runscript. This is recommended in all cases!!!

Reviewer: Maybe adding here a link to the docs for changing namelist entries and config files.

Author: Added :)
